Add docs for disabling geoIP (#5765)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/node/index.mdx

| `featureFlagsPollingInterval` | Interval in milliseconds specifying how often feature flags should be fetched from the PostHog API                    | `300000`                   |
| `requestTimeout`              | Timeout in milliseconds for any calls                                                                                 | `10000`                    |
| `maxCacheSize`                | Maximum size of cache that deduplicates $feature_flag_called calls per user.                                          | `50000`                    |

> | `disableGeoip`                | When true, disables automatic geoIP resolution for events and feature flags.                                         | `true`                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disableGeoip`                | When true, disables automatic GeoIP resolution for events and feature flags.                                         | `true`                    |
```

const flagValue = await client.getFeatureFlag('flag-key', 'user distinct id', {groups:{'organisation': 'google'}, groupProperties:{'organisation': {'is_authorized': True}})
```

**Default overridden properties**

> Before posthog-node v3.0, by default we added geoip properties to all incoming events, and for feature flag evaluation, based on the IP address of the request. This isn't ideal since it uses your server IP address, rather than the user's, leading to incorrect location resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before posthog-node v3.0, we added GeoIP properties to all incoming events by default. We also added them to feature flag evaluation, based on the IP address of the request. This isn't ideal since they are created based on your server IP address, rather than the user's, leading to incorrect location resolution.
```

> As of posthog-node v3.0, the default now is to disregard the server IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of posthog-node v3.0, the default now is to disregard the server IP, not add the GeoIP properties, and not use the values for feature flag evaluations.
```
